<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Maestra][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
    -   [options][3]
    -   [add][4]
        -   [Parameters][5]
    -   [get][6]
        -   [Parameters][7]
    -   [has][8]
        -   [Parameters][9]
    -   [delete][10]
        -   [Parameters][11]
    -   [taskNames][12]
    -   [run][13]
        -   [Parameters][14]
    -   [reset][15]
        -   [Parameters][16]
-   [MaestraError][17]
    -   [Parameters][18]
    -   [report][19]
-   [MaestraReport][20]
    -   [tasks][21]
    -   [errors][22]
    -   [hasTasks][23]
    -   [hasErrors][24]
-   [TaskResult][25]
    -   [Parameters][26]
    -   [task][27]
    -   [error][28]
-   [Task][29]
    -   [Parameters][30]
    -   [maestra][31]
    -   [name][32]
    -   [dependencies][33]
    -   [handler][34]
    -   [run][35]
    -   [reset][36]

## Maestra

**Extends EventEmitter**

A maestra.

### Parameters

-   `options` **[Object][37]?** The maestra options.
    -   `options.rejectErrors` **[Boolean][38]** Rejects if the report contains errors. (optional, default `true`)

### options

The maestra options.

Type: [Object][37]

### add

Adds a task.

#### Parameters

-   `name` **[String][39]** The task name.
-   `dependencies` **[Array][40]&lt;[String][39]>** The task dependencies.
-   `handler` **[Function][41]** The task handler.

Returns **[Task][42]** The task.

### get

Returns a task.

#### Parameters

-   `name` **[String][39]** The task name.

Returns **[Task][42]?** Returns the task, or `undefined` if the task does not exists.

### has

Checks if the task exists.

#### Parameters

-   `name` **[String][39]** The task name.

Returns **[Boolean][38]** Returns `true` if the task exists; otherwise `false`.

### delete

Removes a task.

#### Parameters

-   `name` **[String][39]** The task name.

Returns **[Boolean][38]** Returns `true` if the task existed and has been removed, or `false` if the task does not exist.

### taskNames

Returns the task names.

Returns **[Array][40]&lt;[String][39]>** The task names.

### run

Runs tasks.

#### Parameters

-   `names` **[Array][40]&lt;[String][39]>** The task names. (optional, default `this.taskNames()`)

Returns **[Promise][43]&lt;[MaestraReport][44], [MaestraReport][44]>** 

### reset

Resets tasks.

#### Parameters

-   `names` **[Array][40]&lt;[String][39]>** The task names. (optional, default `this.taskNames()`)


-   Throws **[RangeError][45]** A task does not exists.

Returns **[Maestra][46]** The maestra.

## MaestraError

**Extends Error**

A maestra error.

### Parameters

-   `report` **Report** The maestra report.

### report

The maestra report.

Type: Report

## MaestraReport

A maestra report.

### tasks

The tasks.

Type: [Array][40]&lt;[Task][42]>

### errors

The task errors.

Type: [Array][40]&lt;[Error][47]>

### hasTasks

Checks if the report contains tasks.

Returns **[Boolean][38]** Return `true` if the report contains tasks, else `false`.

### hasErrors

Checks if the report contains errors.

Returns **[Boolean][38]** Return `true` if the report contains errors, else `false`.

## TaskResult

A task result.

### Parameters

-   `task` **[Task][42]** The task.
-   `error` **[Error][47]?** The error if the task failed.

### task

The task.

Type: [Task][42]

### error

The error if the task fails.

Type: [Error][47]?

## Task

**Extends EventEmitter**

A task.

### Parameters

-   `maestra` **[Maestra][46]** The maestra.
-   `name` **[String][39]** The task name.
-   `dependencies` **[Array][40]&lt;[String][39]>** The task dependencies.
-   `handler` **[Function][41]** The task handler.

### maestra

The maestra.

Type: [Maestra][46]

### name

The task name.

Type: [String][39]

### dependencies

The task dependencies.

Type: [Array][40]&lt;[String][39]>

### handler

The task handler.

Type: [Function][41]

### run

Runs the task.

Returns **[Promise][43]** 

### reset

Resets the task and its dependents.

[1]: #maestra

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #options

[4]: #add

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: #get

[7]: #parameters-2

[8]: #has

[9]: #parameters-3

[10]: #delete

[11]: #parameters-4

[12]: #tasknames

[13]: #run

[14]: #parameters-5

[15]: #reset

[16]: #parameters-6

[17]: #maestraerror

[18]: #parameters-7

[19]: #report

[20]: #maestrareport

[21]: #tasks

[22]: #errors

[23]: #hastasks

[24]: #haserrors

[25]: #taskresult

[26]: #parameters-8

[27]: #task

[28]: #error

[29]: #task-1

[30]: #parameters-9

[31]: #maestra-1

[32]: #name

[33]: #dependencies

[34]: #handler

[35]: #run-1

[36]: #reset-1

[37]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[38]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[39]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[40]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[41]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[42]: #task

[43]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

[44]: #maestrareport

[45]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/RangeError

[46]: #maestra

[47]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Error
